OK so now we to show some messages whenever the users sense something formation.
So from start I'm going to go right here to the state whenever we send information.
If everything is good you want to show a message that is going to say thank you.
And if it's not good is going to say something that something like like check your e-mail in red.
So we're going to go back to the project and since we want to handled this through to or through the
state we need to set some states.
Now whenever the user sends the information you can have a default state and it's going to say error
or success.
And if there is an error this error state is going to change to two.
And whenever it's changed to true you're going to show something right here just on show.
Let's set the state first right here so we can have a second state.
It's going to be error error and this one whenever the application loads is going to be false.
And then if everything everything just goes OK you can have one for success.
So it's going to be success and this one again is going to be false.
So whenever the application loads it's not going to show any any messages.
We don't want that.
So I'm going to go right here to the Rander and I'm going to write something that a few don't know if
you know about tertiary is going to just kind of look a little bit weird.
So we're going to go below the impact.
And I'm just going to try and if this device is going to have the check your e-mails going can have
the error message the bad message.
You say check your e-mail.
Right.
This Dev is going to have a class name.
And now what we need to do we need to assign a class name of error to this but we want to show it whenever
we want.
So what we need to do right here we need to do a conditional that is going to be checking the whole
time.
If that does that state that error is true or false whenever the rehang renders the application is going
to check.
And if it's good it's not going to show it.
But if it's bad it's going to show it.
So I'm going to First Call the state that we need to check since this one is going to be the error.
Again to say this dot state DOT error.
Right.
That's the first thing.
Now we're going to use tertiary to check this eternity.
It's just like an if statement but everything is going to be in line.
So whenever we use tourney first we pass the thing that we want to check if we want to check state or
we just leave that.
Now what we do we put a question mark right here.
And if everything goes right and passes is true it means that the state that error it's true is going
to show the error message begin to change the class because we are inside class.
But if everything goes the other way you want to show something else.
All right.
So pretty much if this is true we showed this one.
But if it's false we show this one said the class for the error is going to be error.
All right.
So if it's true we want to show it.
And this one is true.
So we want to say show that to me.
If the statement is true we will add a class to this component to this death that is going to be error.
That show.
But if it's false you want to just give a class of error.
Now the thing is that whenever the application loads scenes we add some classes to this.
It's going to show it whatever.
If it's bad or good it just can show it.
I'm going to do the other one.
Thank you.
And it's pretty much the same idea but the opposite to the opposite.
So it's going to be a death.
It's going to say just thank you.
Right.
We need a class name.
So it's going to be class name and this one is going to be called.
It's going to be using attorney.
So what we need to check right here is going to be that this state that success is going to get this
that state doesn't success.
Right.
And again as we use the question mark.
And if it's true we want to show the success we want to show.
Thank you.
So I was going to say the class is going to be success and then we want to add the show so it's can
show that thank you.
And if it's not right we want to just say success at success.
Right.
So now looks get.
Now I'm going to go to the CSSA right here because right now it's going to just show it all.
So when you hide it to hide it all.
OK.
So whenever the application starts this ones are not going to show they're going to go to the Stiles
that's the SS just on the closest style he says I'm going to go right here at the bottom and we will
never start writing the the code the styles for this crimes.
So I'm going to say fine now what we want to do we want to use the subscribe panel erimus just so I'm
going to call the parent class which is going to be subscribed and then panel when they go to the comput
and and just make sure that this crime panel.
So it's got that I go now we want to call the error.
And if it's there what we want to do we want to show it.
OK.
It's the same one for the other one says we're going to have just two classes.
I'm just going to copy everything and just paste it but this one is going to be success.
Success.
OK.
And do this just going to put it right here.
So if this one is show the Erse get to the show class.
We want to this send this play to block.
Very good.
Now we need to write some other classes and go right here.
Going to make reference to this crank panel and now what we need to do is to set up the error that's
going to say error get this one is going to start always with the display of none.
And we're going to have a caller that it's red.
It's a nice read.
Not just regular red.
It's going to be EF 4 4 3 3 6 right.
So now we need to do pretty much the same thing with thank you.
So I'm going to just copy paste it right here I'm going to say success.
There's one again.
It's going to be this button on.
But it just put a green instead.
So this for C A F 5 0 set.
Just a nice screen and with the application starts we are not going to see we're not going to get this.
So now what do we need to do is we need to change the state whenever the users submit this.
And if everything is good right here we can set the States we want to just handle this so.
OK.
So first I'm going to go right here and set the errors.
So if everything goes bad if we just enter a text and e-mail it's incorrect.
We want to set the state of error to do so.
OK.
We're going to say this that said stayed begin to grab this error and say and just change it to true.
Right.
OK.
Let's get.
So let's check it right now.
I'm going to just type something and if I click enter we get check your e-mail.
So that's good.
I mean just reload the page.
So it's it's working.
We're going to have a problem in just a minute.
I'm going to just let you know how to fix it.
So OK.
Now since we want to whenever we submit something and it's saved into the database we need to change
the success to try again.
So I'm going to go right here.
And since we want to show in her message whenever everything it's whenever this is sent we get the call
back right here.
We want to call this success and we will say true right.
So let's check it out.
Got to go right here.
I'm going to type whatever at gmail dot com and then I'm going to click enter and we get thank you.
All right.
So it's working.
Now the problem is that you're saving the database we're calling the.
But this message stays the same.
So we kind of need to create a function that is going to just clear the messages is going to just change
states of error and success to false.
OK.
So we want to do this every time we do Handels of men.
You know if it's good it's going to do this.
And at the end we want to change the state back to false.
Right.
It's going to go right here.
I'm going to call to a function that it's going to run after a few seconds so I'm going to say this
doesn't clear clear.
And then man messages on that just make it right.
There we go.
So this function what it's going to do.
It's going to just run said time out after three seconds.
It's going to wait three three seconds and it's going to change the state of error and success back
to false.
And then it's just going to show it's going to hide the elements.
So ok going to go right here and just create dysfunction.
This one is going to be a clear messages.
This one.
It's not going to receive any any prompts.
So I'm going to say just like this just can create a function.
It doesn't matter.
So now we need to do a set time out and do set time out right these say time out.
The first argument that it's going to take it's a function I'm going to say function then open and close
and begin going to do the change is state right here.
The second argument of said time out is going to be the amount of time that it's going to wait.
So we're going to say three seconds.
Three thousand write the code that begin to run here is going to be changing the state of success an
error that we have right here.
Back to false.
So we say this Dodd said state and we pass an object and we get what we're going to have it's going
to be error back to false and then success back to false.
Right.
So that's get.
This should be working.
So I'm going to reload the page and I'm going to go right here and say Frances at gmail dot com enter.
We get thank you.
She'd be clearing up but it's not going to work.
We're going to get an error message and this is good because whenever we call to a function inside set
a timeout out and we say does this means set time out and not the class you know we need to change this
we need to make reference to this.
And this is going to be related to the structure to this class and now the time out because of course
we don't have a state on said time out.
So the way we do this is we go to the end of the function and we use that mind we use set going can
say dot and then bind and inside the bind we say this so whenever we are saying we are using the bind
and there's we are saying OK you just run this function.
But whenever we said this inside function is going to be the class and not the the set time out or whatever.
So if I just again reload the page and go right here and again type Francis at gmail dot com going to
click enter.
I'm going to say thank you.
And it should be pillaring.
And it's it's it's it's doing that.
I'm going to type some whatever.
Check your e-mail and it's gone.
All right.
So everything it's working as expected.
So this is pretty much done.
You can have of course code going to have.
So what are we going to do on the next to the next lecture.
Next video is going to be styling this just giving styles to this.